# Individual Contribution Reports

## Sabri Mete Akyüz

## Enes Aydoğduoğlu

## Erim Erkin Doğan

## M.Ekrem Gezgen

## Güney İzol

## Ali Can Milani

## Başak Önder

## Cahid Arda Öz

### Member

My name is Cahid Arda Öz and I am the communicator of group 7. Contacts can be found on [my personal wiki page](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/wiki/Cahid-Arda-%C3%96z). You can also find [my time tracking on the wiki](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/wiki/Cahid-Arda-%C3%96z-(Effort-Tracking)).

### Responsibilities

- I was the communicator of the team and I was responsible for communications with the TA.
- I am a member of the frontend team. I worked on research and implementation.

### Main Contributions

To start the project, I used the foundation created by Güney to format the project directory structure. I also looked into authentication and implemented authentication handling. I created the art item, sign up and sign in pages without functionality. Then I handled integration of art item page with the endpoints. In addition to the code, I contributed by helping new team members learn about the process.

Code related significant issues:
- [#268 Using Router in Frontend](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/268): Güney had created the initial project files but there was a single route on the app. I used Router to manage more pages. I also changed folder structure of the project directory.
- [#290 Token Handling in the Frontend](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/290): I learned about token handling in React and added token handling to our frontend.
- [#344 Recursion Problem in Art Items ](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/344): I realised that there was a bug in the database usage. The backend team was aware of this issue and I provided some details about the problem.

Management related significant issues:
- [#242 Preparing Questions for the Customer Meeting](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/242) and [#243 Revision of Requirements](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/243): I worked with some of the new members in the team on the revision of requirements. They read the requirements and wrote their questions. I answered these questions and compiled some of their questions with other questions to prepare a question list. I also prepared an action item list for updating the requirements.

### Pull Requests

- [#269](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/pull/269): With this PR, I added the router implemenetation and the new folder structure.
- [#288](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/pull/288): With this PR, I added the static sign-up and sign-in pages.
- [#291](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/pull/291): With this PR, I added token handling to the frontend.
- [#324](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/pull/324): With this PR, we merged the changes we made in the frontend to the develop branch.

### Additional Information

In addition to the work I have done for the milestone, I wanted to learn about annotations and make sure that we will be able to implement them with our current tech stack in the frontend. I did some research, looked into several alternatives and tested them. I was able to verify that some of the tools are applicable and I planned next steps for annotation implementation. Details can be found in [#297](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2022group7/issues/297).

## Musa Şimiek

## Atilla Türkmen

## Can Atakan Uğur

## Demet Yayla
